cloud: make community access visible and accurate in connected care relevant… (#22346)
pingcap/docs: TOC-tidb-cloud-starter.md

    - Connected: IM Interaction for Support Tickets
      - [Interact with Support Tickets via Slack](/tidb-cloud/connected-slack-ticket-interaction.md)
      - [Interact with Support Tickets via Lark](/tidb-cloud/connected-lark-ticket-interaction.md)

>   - [Working with Support Team](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Work with the Support Team](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md)
```
